well howdy there internet people that's
bo again
so today we're going to talk about the
fears of these asylum seekers that group
coming up
we're going to address some of those
concerns and then we're going to talk
about what i think the real fear is
because when you hear about it you see
it in the comments section it's always
the same thing
there could be isis in that group ms-13
they could be drug mules they could have
diseases they're going gonna bankrupt us
we can't take that many people it's
gonna overwork our medical
infrastructure
they could all be rapists and killers
murderers and armed robbers
why hadn't any of that happened yet
these giant groups of asylum seekers
have been coming up for 15
years 15 years you would think that if
that is a serious concern
i mean there would be some kind of
evidence of that occurring so far
it's almost like those fears are
unfounded
it's almost like those fears are just
parroting uh politician talking points
because that's how politicians win
elections now isn't it
they get you kicking down you're better
than those folks
vote for me i'll make sure you stay
better
is this what it takes it's a fear
everybody's afraid of everything so
that's all a politician needs to do is
tap into that fear
that's how you win an election you
gather a group of low information
middle income middle americans and you
tell them what to be afraid of
and how you're going to save them from
it then you get the votes and you get
the power
then you can do whatever you want and
they'll defend it
that's what happens but see i don't
think that's the
i don't think that's a real reason i
don't think that's a real fear at all
i think the real fear is something else
and it's so pervasive in our society
that even among friends close friends
there's still that worry and i got a
real
tight circle of friends and i mean tight
you know one of our kids is all of our
kids type of thing you know there's that
joke
friends help you move real friends help
you move bodies
my friends would have a tarp if i needed
one
one day we're all sitting out in front
of the house standing around
drinking beer looking like king of the
hill daughter walks up
she's about 21 at the time
she's like i met a guy and we all knew
what she meant
wasn't that she met a guy she met a guy
she's serious about
but we could all also tell she was
holding something back
well i'll start drinking a little bit
heavier
and all of a sudden she blurts it out
well he's not white
but he was in seventh group and all of
us
oh lord no and her worst fears were
confirmed
of course none of us were saying oh lord
no because he wasn't white we were
saying it because he was in seventh
group
if you're familiar with the community
you probably already understand the
reservation if you're not let me clue
you in
seventh group is a very high speed unit
in the us army they have a wild and
crazy job
therefore it attracts wild and crazy men
and these guys don't come home and play
bridge
you know they they
they work hard they party hard type of
thing
not a place where you would expect to
find a lot of family men
and that is the reputation of that unit
if you're in
seventh don't take offense i understand
it's a generalization and that there are
good family men
in that unit however you must admit that
that reputation is well earned
name another outfit just had a sergeant
get popular like 90 pounds of coke in
his bag
i mean come on i love you guys but it is
what it is
even among that tight circle though
she felt like she had to justify it blew
my mind when it happened
just standing there and you've got
interracial marriages interracial kids
guys who married immigrants
pretty diverse group as a whole
but at that moment all white guys
all white guys
she did she felt like she had to justify
qualified he's not white
but he was in seventh he's part of your
crazy club of stupid men doing stupid
things
i don't know what that fear is about i
mean i do i understand it there's a lot
of people out there
that look down on that
but i don't understand why the skin tone
fundamentally change a person that much
i don't understand the fear
of the browning of america don't
understand
it because it doesn't make any sense
logically
and then i don't understand it because
well it's inevitable
i mean i don't know why you'd be afraid
of something that is going to happen
this isn't a it might happen in the
future type of thing
it's going to happen on a long enough
timeline it's going to happen everywhere
light will become darker dark will
become lighter eventually we're all
going to look like brazilians
i personally can't wait i mean i'll be
gone
but uh
can you imagine how much harder
politicians are gonna have to work
to keep us divided keep us kicking down
it's gonna be a lot harder to say oh
you're better than those people
when they look just like you
it's gonna be a lot harder to drum up
support for wars that aren't really
necessary
because you're not killing some random
person
doesn't look like you
in that situation politicians might
actually have to start to lead
they might have to actually uh
think of their constituents instead of
themselves
but that's a long way off and maybe i'm
wrong
you know maybe maybe america was not
meant to be a melting pot
maybe it was meant to be a fruit salad
you know
a bunch of little chunks different
colors
touching but not really mixing
of course you know
when somebody's eating a fruit salad
normally if you watch they go through
and they pick the parts
they want to devour first
maybe staying separated isn't the best
idea
maybe the best thing for everybody
is to uh blur those racial lines a
little bit
i don't know it's just a thought y'all
have a nice night